= DESCRIPTION:

Installs and configures mysql for client or server.

= REQUIREMENTS:

This recipe has been tested on Debian 5, Debian 6 and Ubuntu 12.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* xen[:network_script] - Set the script to initialize the dom0 network.
* xen[:vif_script] - Sets the script to initialize the domU network interface.
* xen[:dom0_min_mem] - The lowest permissible memory level (in MB) for dom0

Xen tool options
* xen[:xen_tools][:directory] - New instances will be stored in subdirectories named after their hostnames.
* xen[:xen_tools][:volume_group] - New instances will be stored in the LVM volume group
* xen[:xen_tools][:distribution] - Default distro to install
* xen[:xen_tools][:memory] - Memory size
* xen[:xen_tools][:swap] - Swap size
* xen[:xen_tools][:disk_size] - Disk size
* xen[:xen_tools][:gateway] - Network gateway address
* xen[:xen_tools][:netmask] - Network netmask address
* xen[:xen_tools][:broadcast] - Network broadcast address
* xen[:xen_tools][:passwd] - Option to interactively setup a new root password for images.
* xen[:xen_tools][:kernel] - Default kernel to use for the virtual servers
* xen[:xen_tools][:initrd] - Default ramdisk to use for the virtual servers
* xen[:xen_tools][:mirror] - The default mirror for debootstrap to install Debian-derived distributions

= USAGE:

With Chef Solo

1. Create a file called node.js. with the following contents:

  // node.js
  {
    "run_list": ["recipe[xen]","recipe[xen::xen_tools]"]
  }

2. Run Chef:

  chef-solo -j node.js

3. Reboot the server and select the Xen enhanced boot option.

4. Create a new VM:

  xen-create-image --host=myserver.mydomain.org --ip 192.168.0.2

With Chef Server with Knife

1. Upload the cookbook:

  knife cookbook upload xen

2. Add the recipe to your node:

  knife node run_list add myserver.mydomain.org xen
  
3. Run Chef:

  chef-client


  